docs: language SDK page updates (#2851)
grafana/pyroscope: docs/sources/configure-client/language-sdks/java.md

# Java

The Java Profiler, integrated with Pyroscope, offers a comprehensive solution for performance analysis in Java applications. It provides real-time insights, enabling developers to understand and optimize their Java codebase effectively. This tool is crucial for improving application responsiveness, reducing resource consumption, and ensuring top-notch performance in Java environments.

> ## Before you Begin
> 
> ### Set Up a Pyroscope Server
> 
> To capture and analyze profiling data, set up a Pyroscope server. This can be:
> 
> * A **local server** for development, or
> * A **remote server** for production use.
> 
> For installation instructions, see our [Get Started]({{< relref "../../get-started" >}}) guide.
> 
> 
> ### Using Grafana Cloud Profiles

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Before you begin

To capture and analyze profiling data, you need either a Pyroscope server or Grafana Cloud Profiles (requires a free Grafana Cloud account.) 

### Pyroscope server

The Pyroscope server can be:
* A **local server** for development, or
* A **remote server** for production use.
For installation instructions, see our [Get started]({{< relref "../../get-started" >}}) guide.

### Grafana Cloud Profiles
```

Grafana Cloud Profiles is a hosted Pyroscope service. It provides a fully managed Pyroscope server, so you don't have to worry about installing and maintaining your own server. It also provides a hosted Grafana instance for visualizing your profiling data. For more information, see [Grafana Cloud Profiles](/products/cloud/profiles-for-continuous-profiling/).

> <!-- TODO: add a section like "Learn more about reading flamegraphs and using our product" once it's ready -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about using the Pyroscope UI and flamegraphs, refer to [Ingest and analyze profile data]({{< relref "../../ingest-and-analyze-profile-data/pyroscope-ui" >}}).
```
